The approach that I take to designing code is typically dynamic rather than static. I find I like to get a solid foundation of a codebase and test as I go. 
This course showed me the importance of checking the online documentation for a certain function or language as a whole. As I went along in this course, I found myself implementing more a static code review prior to dynamic "testing". Testing in this case refers to changing the values of certain variables to meet a set goal for myself. This comes back to having the basics down and then making the smaller changes that are required of me to meet the design requirements. 

The inclusion of graphics changed how I developed this program. Typically, I would not have such a visual representation and if I did have a visual representation, it is rather primative and was designed by myself just to show what is going on in the program (including a cout << in if/else statements to see if they are all being executed. This could also be accomplished using unit tests, however, we did not implment those in this course. Myh approach stayed the same once I had that solid codebase down and was able to reuse functions, blocks of code, as well as all of the code (changing certain values along the way to meet design requirements). 

Computational graphics will help me accomplish my goals because to a certain degree, most programs today require some type of user interface and if you expect that interface to be approved by your company as well as the customers, it typically needs to be pretty. Implementing some of the techniques that I learned in this course will certainly help me to accomplish this goal. I also believe that these techniques will help my future educational pathway in the sense that I will now be able to, again, visualize certain aspects of an assignment that I would not have been able to represent before taking this course. 
